You have to ask yourself exactly what you want out of your daily, every other day, or possibly evening walks? Are you looking for an escape from the business of life? Are you seeking adventure? Do you want to discover those things you wouldn’t ordinarily see on your normal, everyday path? If you want to walk for sheer enjoyment, perhaps you will find my Walk To Circle App the right choice for you.

My name is Evengii and I’m the creator of the Walk To Circle application. The reason for designing this walking application is pretty simple. I am one who definitely enjoys walking, every chance I get. For the longest time I had wanted to develop something that would allow others to find more satisfaction with walking, which required a little creativity on my part. After all, walking can become quite boring, especially if you walk the same beaten paths day in and day out.


Enjoy Your Daily Walk The Way You Want It


The Walk To Circle App is your friendly guide for discovering new paths and gaining new visual experiences!  It is unlike other game applications as there is no distraction to keep you from focusing on the path you choose to follow.  The circle drops in on the screen for a brief moment, illustrating where you should go to start.  All that is required is for you to memorize the location and get to stepping!  This is where the true test comes in!

If you have good memorization skills then there’ll be no problem with remembering where the circle was situated when you looked at it.  The app won’t allow you to go back and see it again so you simply must walk in the direction you feel it was placed.   This allows you to immediately get started with a walking experience that is out of the ordinary, again the primary aim of the application!  Once you reach your circle you’ll get to begin an outdoors experience that is at your own pace, yet engaging enough to keep interest!  I want others to have that opportunity to really find the joy in walking because to myself, there simply isn’t anything like a brisk morning walk.

A Delightful Way To Get Everyone Outdoors And Moving

Let me say this to all of my readers once again—the sole goal is to have fun folks! I created my app so you could get out and really explore.  If you can have the opportunity to hone in on your walk and the sights and sounds around you, you’ll be able to gain some serious relaxation from your experience!  This is all at your leisure so there is no score to beat and no competitions to out do.

My app is about you and your outdoors experience!  I do have to tell you, using the GPS of the IPhone for this entertaining activity will utilize the battery life until you disconnect from my application.  You can download this app for free and start a new walking experience immediately!  It is my hope you really enjoy this and I’d love to hear back on what you think!
